# Note Taking Program Using C-Sharp

## Usage
Download the latest release from the releases section.
- Run the executable.
- Type in your note.
- Click the save button.
- Close the app.
- Reopen the app.

Woah your previous note just appeared again 😶 so click read to read it.
:) kek I mean it is pretty self explanatory so whatever lmao
Ok on a more serious note, let's talk about how the app's specifics work.

## Project Structure
At the root of the project is the solution, gitattributes, and gitignore. These are automatically generated by Visual Studio when making a project, and the gitignore specifies for git to ignore downloaded libraries/dependencies (ie NuGet packages) as well as compiled binaries for debugging and releases amongst other things. You may open and compile the project from the solution using VS.

All NuGet packages are stored in the /packages/ folder from root. This is also automatically generated/restored by VS, and is usually in the gitignore to not bloat up the repository. However, I've decided to include it for convenience.

The folder with the same name as the solution file, in this case, /Note-taking App/, is the project folder. This is where all the actual C# source code is stored. Inside, two folders /bin/ and /obj/ should appear and contain compiled binaries when you use VS to compile the project, and hence are in the gitignore. Then, there is the /Properties/ folder which is used to store metadata such as project-specific configuration files and settings that otherwise define assembly-level attributes about the project. You don't need to directly edit any of the files here unless you're doing something weird, since typically VS already sets up and handles everything for you (and you edit minor things like naming via a GUI).


## Dependencies
This program needs a dotNET Framework of at least v4.7.2, a Winforms desktop development SDK (it should be present be default on a VS installation, but if not, you can add it manually from the installer), and the Newtonsoft Json v13.0.3 package for storage.

I've decided to include the packages folder with the repo, so the NuGet dependencies should come with the repo. This means you shouldn't need a dotnet restore to get them back.

## Compiling
Just switch your build configuration to whatever mode you need it to be (Debug or Release), and build the solution. This should generate your executable in the /bin/<mode>/ folder. Interestingly enough, VS shoves a bunch of debugging stuff into the Release build as well (there is literally no difference between debug and release to VS for this project lmao bruh). The only files needed to run the program is the executable itself, its exe.config file, and the NuGet package dlls, so you technically can delete everything else if you're just distributing the program. If you're trying to debug, keep everything because it will be useful for analysis.
